The Sales Dev Process
step 1: CSA will work with sales dev team for the sales proposal.
Step 2: CSA team will work on data to check whether we can provide the details by writing algorithims then they will share the details to us.
Step 3: Prognos team will work on the algoririthms tp convert in code(within 5 days) and provide the details to CSA back.. CSA team will validate in case any data 
mismatch found again they will again come back to us.
Step 4: Prognos team will demonstrate to the sales dev team with their product/Services(counts).
step 5: Send it to sales dev 
step 6: Adjust your propsal business request.
step 8 Deliver the product/services to the business.

Who is sales Team:

sales team will connect with client for the sale request, gather al the details from client to identified a best product.
Then a request will updated in the master sheet.

Sales Dev Request:
Patient profiling: If a request is coming then we have to prepare a patient profile to verify the complexity
Geogrophical perspective: here just count the patients test , how many patients, physician for better planning
Test Evalution: exploration of data to know the pattern of clinical solution.
Physician drill down:Analyze diffrent physician for improved target.
Condition Exploration:Analize the exiting and new conditions for new better opp
Effectiveness Analysis:Quantifying and analysing impact of our products 
 
What is CSAs:
It evaluates the content to complete devlopment of clinical algo which consist of logical order of test value ICDs code and test values
Ds Team:DS team will process algo to convert machine label code and finally it generated record counts.

Tools and Resources Used:
Every Time before provide data to business we have to do Quality check 

Sales Dev Workflow:
CSA and sales Dev team will review the count if in case any mismatch found then they again reach out to DS team
and after that final record will shared to client.
 
Low complexity work can be done by ETL process.
Extract the data transform the data then produce the counts and submit it to the client.

Medium complexity work:
Medium high complexity can be also done using ETL process.
extract the data for datamart creation then produce the counts.
  